Feature/new brand (#2644)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-3-0-updated-internationalization-section-of-codex-6575-graft-release-cd-6660.md

ticket: MTM-58724
version: 1020.3.0
---

> To improve the documentation around internationalization, the "Internationalization" section of the Cumulocity Codex was updated. The changes provide more detailed information and guidance on how to handle translations and localization in applications. This impacts developers who want to make their applications available in multiple languages, giving them better resources to understand and implement internationalization best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve the documentation around internationalization, the "Internationalization" section of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Codex was updated. The changes provide more detailed information and guidance on how to handle translations and localization in applications. This impacts developers who want to make their applications available in multiple languages, giving them better resources to understand and implement internationalization best practices.
```
